
STAR
Situation Task Action Result

Working as senior solution engineer in san antonio.More than 10 years of experience in professional programming with masters degree in Software Engineering. I started working in specifically in SharePoint technology back in 2009 and moved to Full stack developer. Most of my career I worked with Microsoft applications both in Web and windows applications though I worked little with Java based applications. In many places at work, I enjoy coding big applications, come up with system design ideas , mentoring other developers. I am a full stack developer having hands on experience all the layers of applications such as web, windows, API s,UI layer, business layer and database layer. I worked in various project management models such as agile water fall, safe and even no model. I tend to desing the applications that  are extend able , easily maintainable, scalable, code readable, more resilient. So far I worked with different departments of the company, different types of organizations and with multi cultured teams (feature teams, Innovation teams, Business teams, Devops teams, SDET teams).

Strength
I can learn frameworks and new stuff very quickly. I am good at sytem design I learned SAP BI reporting tool very quickly and I took the ownership the whole project within few days.

Weakness
feel vulnerable 
confrontational : 
Weak at some tool:
Get bored quickly : If my work is very monotonous I will get bored. 

Why this
If you see my previous companies , I work in Health domain once , and retail most of the time. in my perspective finance domain is one of the top notch domain that love to work with because as a programmer need to handle more data, under many security constraints because of sensitive data and can learn new things on daily basis. More importantly must have to work with more people. I know I am already in finance domain but banking is superset of what I am currently doing.

Mistakes
It was in my early days. I missed a condition in the delete sql query which has deleted more than 1000 rows in a table. But I realized pretty soon and informed DBA team. Fortunately they had the backed up the data and restored it back.

Challenges
I had challenges in the form of  tight dead lines, team members left in midst of a project, people attitude in different projects. I had all these challenges in one short project where it need to be delivered in 6 months, team members working in different parts of the world, the requirements were not too clear.  But at of the project I had so much to take away from that project what to do and what not to do.

Accomplishment
So agricultural department want to buy a mobile app that cost lot to audit the tools in the fields.The idea of implementing a mobile hybrid app and even a desktop application that will be stored data on the machine which works offline. 

Idea generator
My idea was to implement splunk logging for few of the applications with which we can have reports of the error and easy way to track the issues. But it never happened because of the cost and ROI. Instead we implemented our own logging framework.

Conflict with team member: When we do Code reviews. And I had conflicts when deciding technology stalk for a new project.
I remember one situation where my team developer wants to implement a new datatable control from scratch. I was against to that because there are other controls that already in the market that we can take advantage of it. I am kind of guy you don't need to reinvent the wheel when you really dont have. so we had some conversations where we made a list of pros and cons of our ideas. We ultimately decided that we will use ready to go control. And pushed the custom control idea into tech debt which consumes most of our resource and project time.



Next process. How many interviews 

14 skills

Ownership
Delivering result
customer obsession
invent simplified
Dive deep
Bias action.

Two sum problem
Find shortest path algorithms - Diktres algorithm.


Mistakes
1. rambling: just not speaking clearly just talking 
2. Not selling yourself : talk about  your strengths
3. Not being genuine : 

1. Research company
2. Job description
3. Check all the questions
4. Think about job description of every project
5. Practice
6. Situation Task Action Result 

